[Music]
Four days just to save me give me
something important and then the friend's ego
has gone over Sandra
Barneda I don't know it could also be what
is clear It is that this is not
normal it is not normal and it is one more way
of showing me that it is a
constant improvisation what is happening in this in
this chain
they are All the time or rather the program I do
n't know how many times they have changed it I don't
even know what day they are airing it right now
the program I don't even know How many
times they have changed the day you do
n't know I put this here now I
put it on Sunday now I put it on
Friday now I put it on Tuesday now I
put it on Monday it is
that they work day by day that is why many
times things change daily when
for example we gave the news that
Gema Aldon in Nightmare
in Hell not Nightmare in
Paradise it
was true or rather it is Maldon was going for
Nightmare in Paradise
we were wrong that in the end it was not
definitive it was not okay but it was going Okay and or
for example when save me was ending
that was true or rather the workers  They were
already putting out resumes That's how it is
you know, I mean, these are things that change from one
day to the next, there
you are obviously rushed by
the bad numbers that are being reaped by what
should be,
let's call them, star programs
Although I think that everyone was
clear that the host of Nightmare in
Paradise was going to be such yesterday for example
without going any further I have the data here
we are talking about a 12% audience share
this is one and a half points less
than the day of the premiere which was last Thursday
and almost 200,000 viewers less
is that who is watching that
Nightmare in Paradise I have not seen
a single episode man and look at
Gloria Camila which I love Gloria Camila
but
the island of temptations and we are going to
watch them and remind you that at the moment that
we see the island of temptations which I think there is
already something on my TV then
at night maybe I will watch it with
Lorena we return to the lollipop to upload
videos in the lollipop
remove that little kiss because this extractor I
am going to upload the main channel we are going
to call  Emilio no,
let's call Emilio
let's call Emilio Emilio Emilio
now do you
hear me or not Now what's going on son later
Why what's going on
but not me where do they have to give and of
a millionaire has defended on
television
yes you hear me Now yes son What's going on with me you
too it's that this microphone I don't
know what's wrong with it good afternoon good
afternoon son how are you coming today
nice and warm as always And that What's
wrong with you No nothing nothing I'm coming warm with what
you like with
clear material I have no idea what
you're doing to me here let's see tell me
something about
Rocío Carrasco's inheritance not about the
inheritance from Rocío Jurado Yes yes
the inheritance of Rocío of Rocío Jurado
in its entirety Let's see who who lost Who
won who respected the inheritance Yeah okay
so you can see what fell here okay I have
sent you to this same WhatsApp it is a
PDF okay in which everything is everything put in I have it I have it
open Okay well well
then let's pay attention because I have been
looking at this clearly to
evaluate it it is more complicated here  there is
a lot of damage there are
livestock farms and many things So
this is more complicated to estimate but I have
seen that we have
an article by Ángela Portero in Gente
de la Razón dated
September 6, 2021 in which she
has put it in more detail and where she has
made estimates of
Market prices that I am giving I have been
looking at some and what she is saying seems reasonable to me
one second because she
is trying to put
the PDF in full screen but it won't let me But
well I even leave it we leave it like that
yes yes article
by Ángela Portero in Gente de la Razón dated
September 6, 2021 that is, a
little while ago yes you know this I have removed it so as
not to put the photos and such we have put
the text as it is Okay
here it talks about
what the will is Okay and it
details it quite well In fact I think there is a
lot because many
things have been said that then I don't know how much but but
this I think is the one that is most
closest to reality
I have marked some things in Yellow
If you want we will see it okay the
first thing that she left her to see as
such Look for the moment Heirs
Universal heirs do not exist
Universal heirs only exist
when there is
one son, only one heir, one girl
more heirs and he is the only one who is
The Obligatory Heir without more
Obligatory Heirs
Universal heirs as such do not exist Because
everyone has their legitimate
Okay then now we will see because
here I have an inconsistency that we will see
later when we see the table we will
explain it okay like this Right now So you can
see that the will was made
before going to Houston and he left his
executor to this lady that I don't know,
Iglesias, it says here, it says here a
little bit higher up,
I don't know, I think it was quite
unfair in general Rocio Jurado Of course, of
course, we have already talked about that many
times, Rocio Jurado's fault, but now
we will see if it is Rocio Jurado's fault
Here the only one that I believe is the
strong point for my uncle
and I am going to say it but because I think that it is like that it is
ugly but it is not my
fault that it is ugly because it is that I am going
to say what there was, I mean, I know that it is
ugly and that and How strong what I am going to
say but it is that  is that how he differentiated
between his adopted children
and his real daughter?
Yes, of course. And not only
that, it's not that he didn't even leave them the
strict legitimate portion, and now we're
going to see it, now we're going to see, let's see. I
think that it was expected that
things would be valued as they should be because
the problem with
strict legitimate portions is the same as always, that
the strictest legitimate portion is
a percentage of the total inheritance
depending on how you value it, well, it
happens to you like with usufruct,
lower or higher, of course.
So that's where it is for them at the moment,
look. In addition, he calculates
the sale of the house like in the strict system without
knowing if the sale of the house was going to give rise
to the strict legitimate portion in the end or not.
Because if it comes out cheaper, you're not
paying him the strict legitimate portion and that's
because he put it. I don't know, you'll see, it's that he
did many, but I'm going to count them all,
always
in this case, for example, if you see the
yellow thing there, first it says like this, while
the third of free disposition fell to
his brothers, that is, a ninth for each
one, 11%.
So now we go like this, the third of
free position we speak of the Mohedano is
worth what is the third of free
disposition which is the one that anyone can inherit
completely in principle to the brothers is
valid above
law the one of disposition is what you can
give in inheritance freely not freely
to all those who are not
Obligatory Heirs you can also give to the
Obligatory Heirs here this with
this you can dispose you can give
if you want also to the same ones to whom you
were giving the obligatory
what part is 11%.  one third one third
33 one third
can be
In other words, there are two, there are two thirds that are
obligatory to the heirs and one that is
obligatory to the heirs who
was legitimate and another that is the third of
improvement that you can dispose of
as you wish, but to the
obligatory heirs, for example, in this case, he
left it all to Rocío
and he left nothing to his children, well, you
can move this however you want, but
only among the obligatory ones, leave it to
one, leave it to two, take one away,
take one away from another, give 80% of
the others, there
are three thirds, one to the
obligatory heirs, which in this case would be the
signs and the usufruct. No, of course, then
another third, the usufruct does not come into play here,
okay, the improvement, the widower would not be an
obligatory heir. Yes, but in the
third of improvement, not in the one of the
legitimate, that is, in the one of the legitimate, that
third is for the children, for the children, children, it
is obligatory, yes, children, children,
then a second third, Emilio, yes, it is
for the children as well. Yes, for the
obligatory heirs, but in
this case, you can distribute it as
you want or rather the previous one cannot
distribute it as you want but they have to
be in equal parts
effectively And then there is another one that
is also for the children for the
mandatory heirs but in this case
you can take and leave 0% to one
child and 100% to the other it is exactly the
same of that third it is exactly what he
did and then there is another third and that
you can listen And in this third of
improvement is where the widower reserves the usufruct
in that one in this one not in another in
this one only and because this third is
the one that the widower reserves his
fruit Thank you very much Gaia Verde Thank you
very much let's let
the five members play Emilio so
that
the sound does not interrupt us so that
people understand it well because it is a little
complicated Although it is not that
complicated But it can lead to
confusion Thank you very much Thank you very much
There for those five members you already
know that you can give away members okay
I In fact if you ask me it
could be whatever you want as if you
want to Watch the videos and not give anything which is
also completely valid if  You
ask me, I will always prefer that
you give away members so that other people
can also be members and therefore
part of the family with their pepper with
their things, no, anyway. But you can do
whatever you want, eh, you can give super chat,
super, grace,
bizum or simply like, it's free and that's it. Okay,
Emilio, because
in that third there is the issue of the widower, this is how
the inheritances are distributed, this is how the
third party
has the right to enjoy the use and
enjoys 33% of the improvement price,
the law says, that
is, of all the belongings, the widower
has a right to
enjoy 33% of the usufruct
and then if he later wanted to liquidate it, it is
the account that we make of 89 less Such, you
know that later we will see it, okay. And then there
is the third third that this one
can distribute it however he wants to whoever he
wants, it does not work, whoever wants, however he
wants, I mean, if I, yes, I, for example, I
would like to leave my entire inheritance to
a friend, I cannot, no, okay, okay,
to the children due to the budgets of the
law. Of course, this is the case, for example, of
Rocío Flores, who can disinherit her,
I see it  very debatable that If you want we can
talk about it another day yes it is not as he said Let's
see it is as he said but but it can be
challenged because he was a minor no
nothing because he was a minor because let's
see he is talking about
continued acts of abuse his acts are no longer
continued nor was the mandate a
specific act I think that is
totally unforgivable
there we have the following issue there we have
another issue
the only one that you challenge us and an
heir kills the capable testator who
dies that yes directly man
clear and it has its logic it does not need
much application okay Emilio Well I think
that it is more or less clear So
we are talking about this third third
that fell to his brothers godson and
secretary Yes more or less there you also
have the answer from what I see of
why why does he leave inheritance to
Amador's son and not to Gloria's girls no
because he is allies he
likes him he is fond of him and he has left him
a ship Okay
so if you see the mansion of the
following the mansion of the moraleja in
2008 in the middle of the crisis they sold it for
three million of them which constituted the
third of legitimate that was divided among
his three children  but
2008 is the height of the crisis Oh it's just,
just, just, I mean,
having the highest peak if it's not just
when it hits the fan, the
highest peak isn't fair There it is, the limit, from then on, in the
middle of that year the
pawns came and when we talk about the height of the crisis
it refers to the
non-urban option to the vulture funds in the United
States where everything fell, they had
bought mortgages from all over the world
So this clarification, what it
means is that it was sold for three
million and it was sold cheap
Well yes It seems that it is sold cheap they
sold you for three million but on
top of that they didn't distribute it in equal parts
Why Because that was, they did
n't distribute it in equal parts because
she calculated that more or less the legitimate share
was a quarter for each child and half
was left to Rocío Carrasco
In other words, half of that house from the sale,
one and a half million, was left to Rocío Carrasco
and 750,000 euros to each child who didn't
even reach the strict legitimate share, oh
yes, he
made a mistake, come on, okay And on top of that, he
put in a clause that yes, yes,
Ortega Cano  if he had headed in
asking for its fruit he would
not have been able to do it which is the one
of
having a period of two years for the sale
of the house
okay that is an
Isa clause Thank you very much sweetheart for that
super chat a huge kiss that is a
clause that Rocío Jurado puts No yes
Rocío Jurado but
it is not that it is obligatory but that is what she
wants to put it Of course of course he
would not have said you already know that it is a
right the usufruct he would have
challenged this will that he was the
only one who could do it I have here he
could not impose The will say no no
I want nor usufruct
one million euros
okay
And you know that the spirit of the law in
the matter of usufructs is that the
widows In order not to lose their homes and their
belongings and their things,
normally the usufruct materializes
on the marital home okay in this
case that house was the marital place with
which you cannot
pay the children of the legitimate in
a bare ownership that is called in this
case when that house has to be it does not
have to be in attention of legitimate
but  in the third of improvement
and you understand what I'm saying, let's
see, the third of legitimate is the
obligatory one, the improvement is clear, it is
also obligatory but it is where
the usufruct is executed. She that
the legitimate is the obligatory one, the
improvement that can be, the one that is
obligatory but is modified And where is the
fruit and that of the friends and in the
brothers, that one What is the third
of the disposition book called?
Okay, then the house, of course, the house
when we are talking about the distribution of
the three million, it is because it is put as
in the third of legitimate because that is
where the strict legitimate is liquidated
to the children, that is what
José Fernando and Gloria Camila get. Not clear,
but if I obtain that having done it to me, Eh, no,
sorry,
that house falls in the third of improvement
because it is mine, usufruct is my use,
enjoyment for life, you cannot, you
cannot liquidate the legitimate to
my children in the fruit that it has in the
third improvement. That is, the one for which I have already
caught it, correct me if it is not like that,
within the legitimate,
some assets of Rocío Jurado should have gone That should have been
distributed in three to the three
children equally, of course  but others say
that the house of the moraleja was in the
other third and then Ortega Canos if he had
put his balls in it would have
had usufruct for life more or less
of Alicia also seeing the calculation of the
amount and such it was practically
Practically
the compensation of his children and he
would have said look no no reason we liquidate
the house but I execute its fruit well do you
remember that it could be distinguished
by means of compensation
in this case we give the account Of course if
we do the math with the 53 years that
Ortega was he would have corresponded to
11.8 practically between between the and the
two children They had 33% That is to say the
house
practically belonged to them
That is to say José Fernando and Gloria Camila
should have fallen to
a third of a third a third of a
third let's say because there are three to Seven
of a third They had a quarter a quarter
that they took 700,000 more than the million and a
bit that he would take is practically the
three million of the price of the house of course
but here we are not talking about
Rocío Carrasco being at fault she is, she
did it that way  devoured and Ortega did not
want to respect
here he did not respect his wife in this case
when he was the one who could have most easily
challenged it and he raised it to maybe 10
years In trials but come on that is his
right that is what we have said This is a
right just like the legitimate of the
books okay
we are with the first one it is okay And on
top of that he made him leave after two months it
is that he did not even leave him the two years
at two months Ortega cases have come out
of there that she is denying it now let's
see in his day there were articles that
Ortega did not have to take things
quickly because she was
putting ice from the real estate agency and all that
stuff no and I don't know let's see in the end
those are things that one They say everyone lies
not everything tells the truth we don't know The
fact is that he left after two months of
course
no he did not want to keep both
things what happened in Seville what happened there well
Okay then it seems fine to me I only know that they were
gone for two months six each one takes
the version they want in the end it is that
these are versions each one can take what they
want he left after two months I don't
know no  I know how much of what but he left he
reproached him not to let Jesus remain his fruit whatever
you want but that he had two children with whom
he could not have
he should have defended the
rights of his two minors and he did not defend them out of
respect for the inheritance woman out of
respect or not out of fear or anything but
because the mother wanted it that way and
he but of course let's see with the mother in life
he should have said something no Hey
but Listen to me I think so and above
all Once this happens and see the
legitimate that he leaves to his children he should have gotten
involved because there if he
respected the rights of Rocío Jurado
it is to have gotten into the valuation as it
should because now it gives me the valuation
get into the valuation as it should and
give his children a legitimate agreement
those market values ​​that I have thus
been unforeseen I am talking about one and a
half million payments is that let's go what
has the appearance to Emilio I do not know if he will
make you agree that the
insured made the will and cut Cano did not
know the will
but even if he did not know it he had like
everything they got involved like like everything
sack for  see the valuations no And that one
had to have entered the valuation is
because not the same an inheritance of 7
million with an inheritance of 20 million
the legitimate are different of course Okay
then there yes he should have
defended the rights of his children and
there he did respect
the spirit of Rocío
Jurado's will What happens is that he should have
valued it as it should of
course
this house for example you don't see it at
three million now no no yes
now now yes In addition, Ángela Portero is going to tell you
that she has done it [ __ ]
great worth
the third of improvement the next
yellow of Rocío Carrasco they accessed
other premieres domain of the property the
administrator Querétaro we are talking
a lot okay This was this was a land
that was not built on No
yes Come on what's going on the administrator's property
is a property of 40 hectares
400,000 square meters okay it was
vineyards where the Rocío
Jurado wine is made with which it will have a winery and I think she
also had a house
this is another house
this well
surely we will see here it says
that they had some a happy life winery
has because if we make the Rocío
Jurado wine  has a website warehouses by
balls Of course Look here Angela Portero
is giving this farm which is 40
hectares of fear to see here the vineyard
could be a trellis of the
traditional method or in other words harvested with a machine with
mud and many methods and it won't
have 40 hectares of vineyards but rather it
would be La Rioja
okay but
wait they are calling me from another
side
now okay okay
then this farm you know how much
the Walloon Angela Portero in market value
870 million pesetas this euros
How much is churra 5 million euros
and then we have a table with all the
inheritance of glossadita because 5 million
euros was not what was valued no no no yes
yes the entire global inheritance was
seven million and the house well for three
the accounts no longer add up and
many things are missing better This is an
appraisal by Angela Porteros it is not the
appraisal that was made in the No of course
this this farm was valued at less than that
of Amador
no that also said no because one million
200,000 or something like that I think it was like that from
memory  Eh, it could be. So I
value this one at less money than the Amador and it
's 8 times smaller and on top of that, it has a
cellar and it has things.
Then it also had an
apartment in Miami that, no, it's not
valued, but I've been looking at
real estate agencies, let's see, and I also think they
were super luxurious, so it says less
than 400,000 euros, an apartment is not worth it, okay, let's
see, 400,000 euros there in Seville,
at 400,000 euros, the best thing would be
a really,
really, really big chalet.
We're talking about the
United States, there are apartments worth a
million and a half in payments. There are all over
Seville, I also knew that, but
an apartment, like 400,000 euros,
unless it was an area of ​​Seville, which
I'd say,
Betis Street,
in a good neighborhood, in a
good urbanization, the best. 400,000 euros is very,
very, very luxurious. In Seville, in Madrid.
Maybe we're talking,
no, but we're talking about Miami,
in Miami, you're going too far
because if you're telling me that it was
an apartment belonging to Rocio Jurado. Yes, I
'm going too far, okay.  What I
want to tell you is yes, I'm trying to
go down to
generate doubt as low as I can, okay, of
course, then I'll leave him another one because
now there's a table, no, you don't have a little
table and with everything, it's worth it. And with things in
red that I think are wrong. Well, you'll
see, okay, we have
another apartment
in Miami, half with Ortega Cano who
has half
and so on, he makes it sell quickly, more
sold, apparently because he said
that it cost a lot to maintain because it
was also super luxurious. I did this
here, he says, pressured by his daughter,
Rocio Jurado, who wrote about the high
maintenance costs of this luxurious
property to force him to sell. It will be
set up, I have given her 300,000,
then there is
one thing
that must be valued because there are two things
that
in my opinion are not done, for
example,
let's talk about the judge. Now, Rocio
leaves her all the jewelry, clothes, furniture,
paintings and rights corresponding
to her artistic arrival with the interpreter
of 27 albums and 9 films, okay,
this means that Rocio Carrasco
today still receives 200 thousand bucks monthly from
her mother,
although not  They would have made the museum all
these years and for life image of course
everything that is
movies and everything that are songs by
Rocío Jurado that has a salary Rocío
Carrasco that sometimes will be more
other times less depending on the time but a
piglet there eh Hey but you remember
when we talked about playing, it
corresponds to me to help right
to play It would correspond to Ortega of course he does
n't leave everything to Rocío who also can't, I mean
for example he
could leave her the jewelry the paintings
art objects but not the furniture
or the clothes
those two dean
the clothes let's see I mean when we talk about
clothes we could also talk about
light objects or not Emilio yes clothes Look in
this case do you remember that we talked
from which we could value it at
3% of the value of the inheritance we are
talking about €210,000
but let's see on the clothing side if it
could be left to her because we are talking about
objects of luxury museum value not the
clothes like that no yes but the furniture in
concept of the furniture in concept of
luxury also
green that I put you what was a trousseau furniture
clothes everything that is not
artistic things like paintings jewelry and things of
innumerable value Maybe she had an I
know an ebony piece of furniture from the 12th century
that was the host but the rest in
principle
is software and she left it to you okay okay
that's true And also as I tell you
Treasury that values ​​Juan on because
Treasury that says depending on the
inheritance that you have has more
purchasing power they have more such with which we
are talking about that the game is
bigger Okay then that is why they can
talk about 200,000 euros with which
Look if Ortega Cano had space to play
that could see it was his
right to have created it there was no
reason to have added everything everything in clothes
furniture and all that that they have shown of
Monte Alto right now I cannot
show it because this lady has not
even taken into account what was The legal and
non-legal in the Will and simply
took it and said I am Rocío Jurado These
are
This is my Will and it was respected the
notary warns her of all these things what
happens is that the notary does not your I
would like to do  what he says warns her
of all these things and then if
someone wants to challenge it, well,
Ortega Cano by will from beginning
to end, that's why they were all scared and they
are all against pegacano I
was looking at the saying, okay, okay, but
now comes the hardest part,
the inheritance is of all the assets,
right, all the assets that can be that
can generate money,
okay, then leaving her as the
universal heir of the entire artistic legacy,
in my opinion, he couldn't leave it, he had to have
valued it and from there his
brother has a strict legitimate right to see it valued.
What do you mean by putting a
clear price on it and how do you put a price on something
that comes out as a future economist who
does a market study And on the
other hand, the fair thing would have been, You
leave it to the three of us and that's it. No, that is,
divided into three equal parts, the
rights. Of course, if you don't want to value it,
the fair thing would have been to take
that issue clearly. And also keep in
mind that usufruct is also valued
and its fruit is also a percentage.
Ortega calm down, he would also have had
more money than its fruit with that valuation,
this is the  The
question is that the normal thing to do in order
not to have to have valued this is to
choose this and do what we talked about in
a condominium, leaving it will be the three of them,
even if it were Rocío Carrasco who
took all the directions and all the
exploitation of the issue, but her brothers
for each thing that they should have
done should have given 11%.
of the benefits
as a minimum
11% of the strict legitimate we are
talking about 11 or 22% here the
fair thing would have been Hey for life
the rights for the three and for
life we ​​​​are talking about the strict legitimate
they are only
stricter but it is that that has to be
valued because that from there That has
a value that influences the
calculation of the legitimate of the fruits You're welcome
Or rather she has said I have
these are my assets Well I want to
leave this to Pepe is Paco and this to
my daughter and this to my brother or rather without
taking into account what is legitimate it
improves nothing Of course but what happens to the
others as it leaves the third free
exposure that they in the end leave him
assets that the values ​​what the values ​​​​are going to
be that comes the farm will
be the same, it is worth what the
values ​​​​another thing is what
taxes are and don't screw around
but in principle I gave them a little
more or less the same value because they
continued taking the same but their children
not their children
could have taken much more in their
strict legitimate only in their
strict legitimate in the spirit of the
Testament
okay
I  I understand it like this Maybe someone
says like this okay
Well then Here they talk about Amador
Mohedano Amador's property will not be
deflator the one who took the most here was
Gloria because Gloria took the house and
half of Amador's property and the other
half Amador
okay
then Los Naranjos property No yes the
Los Naranjos property in writing
to Gloria and 50% of the Los Naranjos property
or at the request of the will it was
Grandma Rocío's entire share for Gloria and then
the Los Naranjos property half between
Gloria and Amador and Amador then Amador
gave her a warehouse in San Sebastián de Los
Reyes and also more or less there of warehouses
of many types I have also put
a more or less estimated price okay
then another warehouse San Sebastián de los
Reyes that must have been twin to the other to
his godson
and to Juan de la Rosa he leaves the house they
had in Chipiona a duplex that a
logistician Ángel Portero had a value of
about 35 million pesetas
And that in euros
110,000 now now in the little box  We
see that one was valued more or less
well, right? Well, yes, we would have to see it like that, let's
look at it for sure. Maybe it was
valued a little low, but well, a little
low, I was going to tell you a little high.
Even
in this case, I have not discussed
valuations, Angela Portero, I believe her,
in that case, okay,
then
to the Ortegan friend, from his
Yerbabuena farm, they had 800,
800 pieces of Brava cattle
and 400, he left him 400 pieces of cattle
from there between calves, cows and such. I
have a cattle rancher cousin here, I have
been asking him a little and of course it
is very difficult, but about no more than
250,000 euros and at most very, very, very
above,
okay. And that's it because then I am here. No,
Hierbabuena, they say that she invested
a lot of money, but well, she invested it in
life and she invested it, of course,
as they wanted. Nobody has said
anything there, like. Then, if you want, at the end, in the
last, in the last paragraph, there is
a paragraph of speech and he tells her that he,
no, I don't know if he is still a little higher.
in the penultimate paragraph okay There he talks
about what he thinks of the inheritance, I mean it's
perfect, he's delighted. As for what he
has left that he doesn't have, he
hadn't seen it and that he is so happy about it,
yes, he doesn't know the will.
No, I'm not saying that he won't push his fruit
but yes, as his wife valued in
conditions all this so that her children
could get the most legitimate possible and above
all the thing about the image rights
because here it doesn't ruin us and leave them
with nothing. They are talking about future possibilities
because Gloria Camila is José Fernando, they
cannot contest it,
I don't know. I don't know, let's see there I'm already
lost. I am giving my opinion on
the subject now if they can contest it or not,
well I think it's 30 years to take an
adjacent inheritance. I don't know what they could do, no, no, no, no, no, I don't
have it. Of course, I don't think so anymore and there we would have to
speak with a jurist about the subject.
I am giving you my opinion of what they have
done well, okay,
look now in this little box you can see
this is a pain that it can't be seen well and
here I have put for each one what they have gone
inheriting and more or less the price
the numbers in red are
my estimates and what is in
bold are market price numbers that
Angela has been talking about
in all this okay
the one on the left is the value you
give in the goalkeeper not
the one in black or red the ones
in red are the ones I have put
so more or less they are in the market that she has been
saying okay okay in
principle the inheritance distributed with the
seven million
Rocío would get four ninths okay and it would
be about three million that is 111,000
euros what she would get but of course when I
do the math there it comes out to five million
apartments health and putting only
the rights articles an estimate of
one million euros
estimate because today I have five six
seven
more than 9 million or in other words
however then or Gloria Camila and such that
are below 40 blue got 750,000
euros from the sale of the house not even
the 777,000 that you were entitled to okay wait
slowly
valuing more or less well and not how it was
done valuing more or less  well even
on the low side the inheritance we are talking
about the total
being
around 10
Now down in the little box below is
that in the next one I have it valued
of the next one I have it more or less
written down adding all this adding the
estimates that I have made as low as
possible
included there you have it one million
euros is worth
almost 15 million
Well we are talking about the inheritance
at 7 million and there also with what
we added from Angela Portero And we added from
some low estimate such and such we
are talking about 14 and a half million
putting a million only from sea rights of
course Okay then the valuation that
Emilio made is more or less seven
million
But you more or less Calculate that it is almost
15 no with what Angela Portero Claims
that it could not be verified all of the
Market values ​​that I do not have for one let's
see Angela because in this case she
is independent no I think she is
neutral Therefore in principle I have
taken those values ​​I have looked at some
things if it is true that more or less
we are around that by those terms if you
look closely at the entire inheritance when you have
a little while you will see there  Juicy little things, how it has been
sold, how it has been bought, and
we are throwing away that the Rights, you
have put it at just one million.
Yes, I have put one million just to put something,
okay? And then
millions,
the legitimate portion of
Camila and
José Fernando would be one and a
half million euros, exactly double what was
given to him,
of course, more or less when you
had done the valuation, you
valued it at double what it was valued, so
they would correspond, they would have
corresponded to them more or less
double, one hundred and 14 and a half million, that
's almost one and a half million for each one,
that's by legitimate portion.
Yes, yes, their legitimate portion is 11% of the total
inheritance and counting only one
million of benefits, of which I
tell you that clearly. It should have
been a condominium and they have
11% of the rights and so on, yes, yes. In other words,
what I want to tell you that we are
talking about is that by legitimate portion it would have
surely belonged to him if they
had valued it differently, one and a
half million, but what I
really like about the change, I understand that it
would have been that they had distributed the
three children equally. Then it
would have fallen to all of them.
the legitimate speaking of the million and a half
I understand that the house
the house If she went to the trousseau
Then we like they would not have
kept the house in half it
is the three million million and a half each
three million or rather we are talking
that maybe he could have left her the
fair it would have been Emilio correct me if
I'm wrong if it is valued at 15
million then five million To
share with the Brothers the brothers-in-law
these people and the other 10 million
divided into three equal parts for
the three children no no Yes now now all
those hypotheses I have made and now
let's see the diagrams of everything is worth from
bottom to top no Let's see this is
doing this Now as the second
part is like yes the other what it says two
that says distribution lencia with the rights
of the According to the law yes there we have
calculated with the seven million already
well with the 8 I have not left the million
of
8 million okay Like every day the distribution
of Valencia would not have reaped its fruit and
if the children had taken each one
the children would be around 900,000 euros and
Rocío Carrasco also in the legitimate  eh I'll break
it down into pieces then in the
improvement Rocío Carrasco would have one million
200,000 and Ortega Cano 950,000 euros it
would be his extension of the usufruct 89 for
53 years which is 36% on the third of the
improvement which is 33 it would be 11.88
practically like the legitimate of the
children or rather that I have it here he should not have
taken a million bucks and the
children if they had stayed in the house for the two
children that would have been an
equitable distribution only with the legitimate and
the uses now you have earned one million
200,000 no
Yes because then he has 250,000 from the
reset more or less and the rest of them
took about two and a half million more
or less let's
see in the third of the improvement we are
talking about what you have put Rocío Carrasco and
Ortega Cano of course the Ortegan usufructuary
the Ortegan usufructuary is almost million
Yes and the other why do you put Rocío
Carrasco instead  of putting the three
no no this is this is with the legal I mean let's
see how I explain
making the legitimate in three equal parts
but valued with the price more than that's why
they are a little more and then below
Rocío Carrasco takes all the
third of improvement and the liquidation that
Ortegano makes her now because by law she
can leave the test to improve to Rocío
Carrasco this is strict law the minimum
that she had to do not what we
think is fair but what by
law she had to have done
by strict law This is the minimum that she
had the right to okay
because of the issue that the marital home is
why no no with its fruit for her
detention
okay
And here we see here it is as if
Ortega had not left and
then his fruit is extinguished and his
extinction of his fruit has the right to
950,000 euros okay the money we
change it as he did now that we have
left But okay Okay
then
about 8 million putting in the million
rights Well I would calculate like this and now
if you want to see the distribution that I have also
made the hypothesis of the
equal distribution for  all the brothers is
point 3
or this is me Emilio but let's see
but this this I'll see it has done
everything incredible
this point three would be what I wanted to
know if not by law but distributed as
we consider it would have been
fair treating the three children equally
okay we are talking valuing it at 8
well valuing it at 8 million or so
this would be so that people understand me
this this the one we are seeing now
would be a distribution
How would the distribution have been if it
had been as we think
is fair treating the three children
equally but with the valuation
that was the one that was made
clear Yes yes collaboration only
putting more for the
poetry rights of you it would have remained
it would have remained
to these people not to the Amador brothers and
these people their three million to distribute
one million euros each [ __ ] mother
which is each third to each one and Gloria
Camila Rocío Carrasco and José Fernando
would have been left
[Music]
one million 400,000 practically each
and Ortega here are not millions of turkeys
okay or so it would be let's go this well in the
following the following is a diagram
they are  the diagrams where the three
assumptions appear there is what you will know you
know this is how it was done what
we did I did not put it fuchsia
because the red to have the position okay
Okay well the hard one is the fuchsia what
Carrasco did is 45% of the fight And I that one
takes is that he has taken more he has
taken more
Amador fashion has taken us more than
Gloria Camila
Yes well the collaboration of the farm
that is what I tell you but of course there the
rights are poorly estimated what we
talked about the
image rights and to which the middle part
pasta and Juana I do not know how they will have
valued it okay that has been left there a
bit in the air but well I have not
put 200,000 on I calculated like this
with the market prices adding
what Ángela portero says and what I have more
or less been dodging in more
asking so and so the 14 million
more or less by the finger if I do not put
two million error it is still
a lot of money okay Wait wait let me
explain it
continues the same the red  It is Rocío Carrasco,
the blue one is the free third, it is positive
in that it is what all the brothers have inherited
and I have left this pink one of 3%.  that
Ortega Cano
swims the cows and then the 11% and 11%
there are Gloria Camila and José
formal these two
Okay now we
have to keep in mind that
reality is not like that, that has
become quite bigger of
course that is what I am getting at, reality is not like
that because in reality all these
colors have been given what they have been
told they have been given But what has been
told to the red that it is worth what it is worth It is
not worth what it is worth it is worth much more
therefore this the reality is surely
the red more or less
eats all of these all these
colors or even eats the blue okay
the red more or less eats the blue and
all this put all the colors here
in this Cachito that hypothesis has not been taken
out but tomorrow I will send it to you so you can
see it with the 14 million I will give you the
distribution of course more understood not
with the 14 million
but what is missing from the 7 million to
the 14 million is in the red the same
as I have them all added up with the
sums of the amounts that I see here I
make the distribution  Wait Wait Wait Wait Wait
here I can write on top
wait wait I do it with my foot
notes
comments
you have tools I'm going to explain it
to people very well Look,
wait for me what this is, it
clarifies everything it clarifies everything look okay
this is the distribution that has been made according to
the will Okay well actually it
is like this look let's
see if I can get this it's a cube no okay
actually it is like this look
[Laughter] let's
see No it's not that much okay tomorrow bring
the body closer and I will send you this
diagram with the market values ​​of
each one as I think they have charged
Right now how do you see it now
[Laughter]
okay well
this is real no this is more realistic
I will send it to you so you can see it I
will send it to you very nice and the well
where would it be no the worst thing is that
the well would be around here Emilio the well
we will be here
the well Rocio Jurado in her will what
Amador Mohedano said she had to leave her an
irrigated farm with the well No well there
Rocio Carrasco did not comply Because if she
had to comply with the  his
mother's will should have left him the well
Because if we respect the wills,
we respect them in all their terms, not
just the terms that you want, of
course, of
course, if we respect them, we respect them and if
not, we all get involved. Of course, of course,
good detail, good detail, that one, of course.
Now if you see the next one is with the 8
million. How would it be to distribute the issue
with the inheritance rights of
everyone there? The one that raises
the inheritance quite a bit, always talking about you
is the equitable distribution among children. This is what
we are talking about, what is left for the people?
Of course, this is what we are talking about
valuing at 8 million
and
Yes, yes, let's see this table, let's see this, these
tables, if they will be valued equitably, however they would
not change because since
everyone is involved equitably, she would
also go down, these tables,
which are percentages, would not change. If
the inheritance went up more or less, the only thing
that would go down a bit more would be the third of
free disposal. But well, that is not
obligatory to give everything you can and
also distributing it among the siblings,
this would be more equitable, since
the inheritance is as large as possible because
since everyone is included in the legitimate portion, if the
percentages. Well, everything  They work the same, of
course, this Although it was worth it. I mean, the
difference would be that each piece is worth more money,
but the percentage would
always be the same, of course,
according to what Rocío Jurado has chosen,
not
an inheritance in which you respect the
rights of the other three children, that would be
clear
if she had portrayed three children
equally, that would be how it would be
for my taste, for my taste
personally, this 30 is too much.
Yes,
in such a way. Well, yes, let's tell him, do you
want to leave his brothers 30
percent free of disposal because he
loves them very much because he has shown
that he would have it if he cheated on him, they wouldn't
cheat him, but the truth is that he has
shown but he wanted it. Yes, yes, but because
in my personal opinion, I mean, I see it as a mess.
Well, if we were talking about
14 kilos, we'll be
talking about a lot, a lot.
Yes, a lot of money. No, but I, especially the
issue of
valuations and such because in the end, that third would go up and down. Yes, if you do the real valuation, they don't take the entire third of free disposal, they would have gone down because Rocío, of course, took the things that would be kept, plus the properties, the apartments in Miami, those are the same, but with the
money put in.  only money that is what was
supposed to be that in
reality what we have talked about that
of Rocío Carrasco and Fidel is worth much more
this is not worth you know yes
practically what the
goalkeeper trained I think they have
taken seven million
five six and a half six and a half seven eight
plus eight
practically
now she is going to take 210,000
euros from the transfer of the dresses and
things that belong to Ortega but the
dresses This is the agreement sticks to you that
no of
course it is the trousseau and furniture
jewelry we can discuss that not
historical objects either but the dresses the
dresses are clearly defined in
which I am that for my taste the rest is
free disposal
But well I don't know I have a lot of
respect in the will the thought was respected
you have to take into account that already in
life Amador worked with her he
took 20% of what she earned or
so like [ __ ] well we
can discuss all that But well She said
almost well but of course we are
clear about that everyone I think
But neither
but then many things Rocío Carrasco does
not respect her mother because she does not  he values
well, he does not leave the strict legitimate to his
brothers, the standard
directly. In other words, the only one here who
forcibly respects the will has
been Ortegano, what are we going to do?
The others have all played for him, he has
respected it as if to say, but not
only that,
but to the detriment of his children who are
minors. The fact is that the representative does not
have to renounce the rights of
his children,
not valuing them as mother should have,
seen in this way is going so Clara
clashes clashes much clearer, when I
was painting it, I say, Okay,
Emilio, we have an issue, okay, we
have an issue for the next one and we have been
left with a sentence, well, we
can deal with that or not, possible,
well, No, the sentence is not the one
we found, not to
mention anything about the registration, I think, not the one
we said we have for the
next one, I do
n't remember. Ah, seguira, that was good,
well, I have something to be fair, I have
something about the registration that needs to be
clarified, okay
[Music]
who is talking to me is that I am
doing a master's degree with
city secretaries and he is talking to a couple
of them
or even better, no, not even on paper or for the better, let's
see what everyone has reached an
agreement on. Everyone has reached an
agreement.  that he can, he can submit
the papers and the signature, okay, another thing is that
later,
what we do discuss
is because the instructions of lines
on the subject, the one that I have, I don't know
if I have it here, the instruction from
2015 that was in force in which it talks
about the separation of
the
shared separation that puts an article in which it
says
that even I shared, in addition, 2015
makes a superfuge there, a strange thing,
okay, because it has to be
explained, it has to be seen, some
little things,
yes, if you want, we can explain it
now, I would have liked to
see it and we see it more slowly, what is being
discussed is whether it would be appropriate to give him a
census, no, and then here, yes,
the different secretaries are
about the children over 16 years old, okay,
if you want, I'll explain it to you and others talk,
discuss about whether to notify the mother,
no, okay,
okay,
on the table so that everyone
has their cards on top
of the conversation
was, I don't remember. Well, we'll have to see the
live show, we'll have to see it, Emilio, a kiss,
Rey, thank you very much,
a hug, see
you later, the live show has gone, we're
left with a lot
[Music]